ALL RIGHT,
THEY GOT WATER
ORANGE JUICE
AND WHAT LOOKS LIKE CIDER.
TASTE IT.
YUP. IT'S FAT.
I DRANK FAT!
YEAH, I KNOW.
I DID THAT TWO MINUTES AGO.
HEY.
HEY, MR. TUX.
WHY AREN'T YOU GUYS DRESSED?
WE HAVE A HALF HOUR.
FOUR MINUTES AGO,
YOU HAD A HALF HOUR.
WE HAVE TO BE OUT THE DOOR
AT 20 TO 8:00.
RELAX, ROSS.
WE'LL BE READY.
IT TAKES TWO MINUTES
TO GET DRESSED.
I'D FEEL A LOT BETTER
IF YOU GOT DRESSED NOW.
OKAY.
HEY, HEY!
OH, LOOK AT YOU--
ALL SEXY.
REALLY?
OH!
WOW.
MMM, HI.
HI.
HOW COME YOU DIDN'T
COME OVER EARLIER?
'CAUSE I'M A STUPID,
STUPID MAN.
HEY, ROSS,
WANT SOME CIDER?
NO.
SO, UH, LET'S SEE.
YOU'RE PRETTY CLOSE, HUH?
MAKEUP'S ON,
HAIR IS DONE...
I JUST HAVE
TO GET DRESSED.
YAY. AND THAT TAKES, WHAT?
JUST SIX OR SEVEN MINUTES?
YEAH. ONCE I FIGURE OUT
WHAT I'M WEARING.
( door shuts )
GLASS OF FAT?
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
WHAT'S THE
MATTER, ROSS?
ARE YOU NERVOUS
ABOUT YOUR SPEECH?
( nervously ):
NOPE.
YOU WANT TO HEAR IT?
AM I IN IT?
UH-HUH.
YEAH, RIGHT AFTER
I THANK EVERYONE
FOR GIVING MONEY TO THE MUSEUM
I SING A SONG
ABOUT THE WONDER THAT IS JOEY.
HELLO.
Ross: HEY.
Joey: WHOA.
Ross:
WELL, HELLO.
YOU LOOK GREAT.
THANK YOU.
I KNOW, THOUGH.
YOU SEE THIS?
THIS IS A PERSON
WHO IS READY TO GO.
PHOEBE, YOU... OH,
YOU ARE MY STAR.
OH. WELL, YOU'RE...
MY LUCKY PENNY.
ALL RIGHT. I TOOK THE QUIZ,
AND IT TURNS OUT
I DO PUT CAREER BEFORE MEN.
GET UP.
WHAT?
YOU'RE IN MY SEAT.
HOW IS THIS YOUR SEAT?
BECAUSE I WAS SITTING THERE.
BUT THEN YOU LEFT.
WELL, IT'S NOT
LIKE I WENT TO SPAIN.
I WENT TO THE BATHROOM.
YOU KNEW I WAS COMING BACK.
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL?
SIT SOMEWHERE ELSE.
THE BIG DEAL IS
I WAS SITTING THERE LAST
SO... IT'S MY SEAT.
WELL, ACTUALLY, THE LAST
PLACE YOU WERE SITTING
WAS IN THERE, SO...
LOOK, YOU GUYS,
YOU KNOW WHAT?
IT DOESN'T MATTER
BECAUSE YOU BOTH
HAVE TO GO GET DRESSED
BEFORE THE BIG VEIN
IN MY HEAD POPS, SO...
ALL RIGHT, ROSS,
I JUST HAVE
TO DO ONE THING REALLY QUICKLY.
IT'S NOT A BIG DEAL.
GET UP!!
HI.
HEY.
OOH, PHOEBE, YOU LOOK GREAT.
ALL RIGHT ALREADY.
OOH, ARE YOU
GOING TO DO MAGIC?
THAT'S-THAT'S
FUNNY. CHANGE.
I JUST GOT IN.
LOOK, I DON'T CARE.
IT STARTS AT 8:00.
WE CAN'T BE LATE.
AND WE COULD NOT, WOULD NOT
WANT TO WAIT.
LOOK, OUR TABLE IS
DOWN IN FRONT, OKAY?
MY BOSS IS GOING
TO BE THERE.
EVERYONE WILL SEE
IF WE ARRIVE AFTER IT STARTS.
HAS SOMEBODY
BEEN DRINKING MY FAT?
YOU GUYS, DOES THIS
LOOK LIKE SOMETHING
THE GIRLFRIEND
OF A PALEONTOLOGIST WOULD WEAR?
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU MIGHT BE THE FIRST ONE.
RACH, DID YOU
CHECK THE MACHINE?
Rachel: Uh, no.
THIS IS THE OUTFIT
THAT MAKES MY CALVES LOOK FAT.
NEVER MIND.
WELL, JOEY,
I WROTE A LITTLE SONG TODAY.
IT'S CALLED "GET UP."
ALL RIGHT.
YOU CAN HAVE THE CHAIR.
REALLY?
OH, MY...
WOULD YOU LOOK AT THAT?
( laughing )
( message machine beeping )
Phoebe: Hi, it's me.
I'm coming over now.
Hey, what if I'm
already there
when you're
playing this message?
Is that too spooky?
( beeping )
Ross:
Hi, Rach, are you there?
It's me. Pick up.
Rachel? Rach?
WHAT?
NEVER MIND.
( beeping )
Monica, it's Richard.
Call me.
I-IS, IS THAT MESSAGE
OLD OR NEW?
OLD OR NEW?!
IT'S OLD, IT'S
DEFINITELY OLD.
DIDN'T YOU HEAR
THE DOUBLE BEEP?
WHAT IF IT'S NEW?
WE AGREED
NOT TO TALK.
HE COULD HAVE SOMETHING
IMPORTANT TO SAY.
SHOULDN'T I
CALL HIM BACK?
HONEY, YOU DID CALL HIM BACK,
'CAUSE IT'S REALLY OLD.
YEAH, SEE...
MON, LISTEN, LISTEN.
WHEN CAROL AND I BROKE UP,
I WENT THROUGH THE SAME THING
AND YOU KNOW WHAT I DID?
HUH?
I GOT DRESSED.
REALLY, REALLY
QUICKLY, OKAY?
THERE WE GO, THERE WE GO.
Chandler:
YOU KNOW WHAT?
FINE. DON'T GET UP.
JUST SIT RIGHT THERE.
I JUST HOPE YOU DON'T MIND
YOU KNOW,
MY HAND RIGHT HERE.
OH, NOT TOUCHING.
CAN'T GET MAD.
NOT TOUCHING.
NOT TOUCHING,
CAN'T GET MAD.
OH..!
OH, MY GOD, YOU...
ROTTEN BOYS!
SORRY, PHOEBE.
I'M SO SORRY.
WHAT AM I
GOING TO DO?
NO, NO, DON'T RUB IT.
WHAT GETS OUT HUMMUS,
WHAT GETS OUT HUMMUS?!
MONICA, MONICA,
WHAT GETS OUT HUMMUS?
IF IT IS A NEW MESSAGE,
WHAT IS HE CALLING TO SAY?
OKAY, THANKS.
YEAH, I'LL TRY THAT.
MAYBE HE'S CALLING TO SAY
YOU'RE OBSESSIVE AND CRAZY?
SO, SHOULD
I CALL HIM BACK?
Men:
NO!
ALL RIGHT, FINE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE'LL BOTH SIT
IN THE CHAIR.
FINE WITH ME.
I AM SO COMFORTABLE.
ME TOO.
IN FACT, I THINK
I MIGHT BE
A LITTLE TOO
COMFORTABLE.
ALL RIGHT.
( laughing )
OKAY, LOOK
WE HAVE 19 MINUTES.
CHANDLER, I WANT YOU
TO GO AND CHANGE
AND THEN WHEN YOU COME
BACK, JOEY WILL GO CHANGE
AND HE'LL HAVE VACATED
THE CHAIR, OKAY?
OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.
FINE.
I'M GOING
BUT WHEN I GET BACK,
IT'S CHAIR CITY
AND I'M THE GUY WHO'S...
SITTING IN A CHAIR.
IS THIS A
LITTLE TOO..?
PHEEBS, WHAT HAPPENED?
HUMMUS. I GOT THE HUMMUS.
OH...
HONEY, WELL
WE'LL FIND
YOU SOMETHING.
DO YOU WANT TO WEAR
MY BLACK JACKET?
THAT WON'T GO
WITH THIS DRESS.
WE'LL FIND
YOU SOMETHING.
LET'S JUST GET
YOU OUT OF THAT.
NO, NO, NO,
NO, NO, NO.
NOT OUT OF THAT.
NOT OUT OF CLOTHES.
MONICA, CAN PHOEBE
BORROW YOUR GREEN DRESS?
I CALLED HIM.
( all gasping )
YES.
WELL, I GOT HIS MACHINE,
AND I LEFT A MESSAGE
BUT IT'S OKAY, IT'S OKAY,
BECAUSE, YOU KNOW,
IT WAS, LIKE,
A CASUAL, BREEZY MESSAGE.
IT WAS BREEZY.
OH, GOD, WHAT IF
IT WASN'T BREEZY?
WELL, HOW COULD IT
NOT BE BREEZY?
NO, 'CAUSE YOU'RE
IN SUCH A BREEZY PLACE.
YOU KNOW, I GOT IT.
I WILL PLAY MY MESSAGE
FOR YOU GUYS
AND YOU CAN TELL ME
IF IT'S BREEZY ENOUGH.
BUT, MONICA,
HOW ARE YOU GOING TO DO THAT?
I KNOW THE CODE
TO HIS ANSWERING MACHINE.
OKAY, MON, I REALLY
DON'T THINK THIS IS THE...
OKAY, YOU'RE DIALING.
YOU ARE DIALING.
Hi, this is Richard.
Please leave a message
at the tone.
( beeping )
Machine voice:
You have two new messages.
WOW, WHAT A COOL JOB.
( imitating machine ):
YOU HAVE TWO NEW MESSAGES.
PLEASE PASS THE PIE.
( beeping )
Hi, it's Monica.
I'm just checking in
because I got
this message from you
and I didn't know
if it was old or new or what
so, I'm just checking.
So, let me know.
Or don't. Whatever.
I'm breezy.
HEY, YOU CAN'T SAY
YOU'RE BREEZY.
THAT TOTALLY NEGATES THE BREEZY.
( beeping )
Woman:
Hola. It's me.
Yesterday was really fun.
Call me
about this weekend, okay?
NOW, SHE SOUNDED BREEZY.
HE'S SEEING SOMEONE.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU DON'T KNOW THAT.
WELL, WHOSE VOICE
WAS THAT?
MAYBE IT WAS HIS SISTER'S,
MAYBE HIS DAUGHTER'S.
MICHELLE. OF COURSE!
IT WAS MICHELLE.
DID IT SOUND LIKE MICHELLE?
OH, GREAT.
IT'S STARTING TO RAIN.
THAT'LL MAKE IT
EASIER TO GET A CAB.
IT WAS MICHELLE.
IT WAS DEFINITELY MICHELLE.
PHEEBS, YOU GO WITH MONICA.
TRY ON HER GREEN DRESS.
IF THAT DOESN'T WORK,
YOU'RE WEARING
MY GRAY SILK ONE.
UNLESS I WEAR IT.
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE WEARING?
I'M JUST TRYING TO LOOK NICE
FOR YOUR BIG NIGHT.
YEAH, WHICH WE HAVE TO LEAVE FOR
IN EXACTLY 12 MINUTES.
COME ON. I'LL JUST PICK
SOMETHING OUT FOR YOU.
YOU WILL NOTICE
THAT I AM FULLY DRESSED.
I, IN TURN, HAVE NOTICED
THAT YOU ARE NOT.
SO, IN THE WORDS
OF A.A. MILNE
"GET OUT OF MY CHAIR, DILLHOLE."
OKAY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
YOU SAID I HAD
TO GIVE YOU THE CHAIR.
YOU DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING
ABOUT THE CUSHIONS.
THE CUSHIONS
ARE THE ESSENCE OF THE CHAIR.
THAT'S RIGHT!
I'M TAKING THE ESSENCE.
HO-HO, HE'LL BE BACK.
HO-HO,
THERE'S NOBODY IN THE ROOM.
I'M SORRY.
I THOUGHT IT LOOKED PRETTY.
ROSS, THAT WAS
A HALLOWEEN COSTUME.
UNLESS YOU WOULD LIKE ME
TO GO AS LITTLE BO-PEEP.
LOOK, I DIDN'T RECOGNIZE IT
WITHOUT THAT INFLATABLE SHEEP.
WHICH, BY THE WAY, CHANDLER,
I WOULD LIKE BACK
ONE OF THESE DAYS.
OOH! RACH, GOOD.
LISTEN, ISN'T THIS
PERFECT FOR ME?
OH, IT'S PERFECT.
BUT NOT FOR TONIGHT.
WELL, NO. OF COURSE,
NOT FOR TONIGHT.
GUYS, "NOT FOR TONIGHT"?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
NO, I'M SORRY.
WE DIDN'T MEAN IT.
I LOVE YOU.
BREATHE.
WE USED THEM AS PILLOWS
WHEN WE WENT CAMPING.
WHAT?
THE SHEEP.
HEY, WHAT YOU DO
ON YOUR OWN TIME...
WHERE'S MY UNDERWEAR?
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
COME ON. WHAT?
YOU TOOK HIS UNDERWEAR?
HE TOOK MY ESSENCE.
HOLD ON.
JOEY, WHY CAN'T YOU
JUST WEAR THE UNDERWEAR
YOU'RE WEARING NOW?
'CAUSE I'M NOT WEARING
ANY UNDERWEAR NOW.
THEN WHY DO YOU HAVE
TO WEAR UNDERWEAR TONIGHT?
IT'S A RENTED TUX, OKAY?
I'M NOT GOING TO GO COMMANDO
IN ANOTHER MAN'S FATIGUES.
WELL, THEN, IT LOOKS LIKE
SOMEBODY'S GOING
TO HAVE TO GIVE
SOMEBODY BACK
HIS CUSHIONS.
OKAY. YOU HIDE MY CLOTHES?
I'M GOING TO DO
THE EXACT OPPOSITE TO YOU.
WHAT, ARE YOU GOING
TO SHOW ME MY CLOTHES?
HEY, OPPOSITE... IS OPPOSITE.
HE'S GOT NOTHING!
OKAY. I'M READY.
( both stammering )
RACHEL DIDN'T HAVE ANYTHING
THAT I LIKED, SO...
BUT SHE HAD THIS
CHRISTMAS RIBBON,
AND I THOUGHT,
ALL RIGHT, FINE.
I'LL BE POLITICAL.
WHAT ARE YOU SUPPORTING?
DUH. CHRISTMAS.
OKAY. HEY, THAT'S
OKAY WITH ME.
TWO DOWN, AND I HAVE
EXACTLY 12 MINUTES...
TWELVE...
MY WATCH STOPPED.
MY WATCH...
OKAY. SEE, THE
DINOSAUR TAIL
ISN'T GOING
AROUND ANYMORE.
WHAT TIME IS IT?
IT'S 7:33. I HAVE
SEVEN MINUTES.
I HAVE SEVEN MINUTES.
WHICH SHOES SHOULD I
WEAR, BLACK OR PURPLE?
JUST... JUST PICK ONE, OKAY?
OKAY, OKAY.
THE BLACK.
BUT DO YOU
HAVE BLACK
WITH LITTLE
STRAPPIES?
YEAH, BUT THOSE
REALLY GO BETTER WITH PANTS.
MAYBE I SHOULD WEAR PANTS.
YEAH, PANTS.
WHAT... WHAT AN IDEA.
OR BETTER YET, HOW ABOUT
YOU GO WITHOUT ANY PANTS?
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE TRYING TO DO
BUT JUST GET YOUR
BUTT IN THERE
PICK OUT ANY SHOES
THAT FIT YOUR FEET, OKAY?
NO, NO. I DON'T CARE
IF THEY MATCH.
I DON'T CARE IF THEY MAKE
YOUR ANKLES, YOUR KNEES
OR YOUR EARLOBES LOOK FAT.
BUT I--
NO, NO, NO.
JUST DO IT.
GO IN THERE,
PICK SOMETHING OUT
SO WE CAN GO.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
OKAY, I'VE GOT
TO CALL MICHELLE.
I'VE GOT TO SEE
IF THAT WAS HER VOICE OR NOT.
I'M SORRY,
I JUST HAVE TO.
IT WAS HER VOICE.
MONICA, I THINK YOU'VE
GONE OVER TO THE BAD PLACE.
( ringing )
Michelle:
Hola.
Hello.
Hello?
OKAY. THAT WAS HER, RIGHT?
DEFINITELY, YEAH.
SO THERE YOU GO.
WE'RE OUT OF THE WOODS.
I THINK I'LL
GET DRESSED NOW.
( ringing )
I'LL GET IT, OKAY.
HI. MONICA AND RACHEL'S.
YEAH. JUST A SECOND.
CAN I ASK
WHO'S CALLING?
OH. OOH, IT'S MICHELLE. OOH!
SHE MUST HAVE THAT
CALLER I.D. THING.
YOU SHOULD GET THAT.
UH... MICHELLE?
YEAH, THAT WAS ME.
UM, I DIALED YOUR NUMBER
BY MISTAKE.
CAN YOU JUST TRY...
OH, YOU'RE SO SWEET!
YEAH, WE WERE
A GREAT COUPLE.
I KNOW, I REALLY MISS HIM.
YOU KNOW HOW IT IS.
IT'S JUST...
YOU KNOW WHAT'S WEIRD?
( clears throat )
DONALD DUCK
NEVER WORE PANTS.
BUT WHENEVER HE'S GETTING
OUT OF THE SHOWER
HE ALWAYS PUTS
A TOWEL AROUND HIS WAIST.
I MEAN, WHAT
IS THAT ABOUT?
SHH!
MICHELLE, I
ONLY BEEPED IN
SO I COULD HEAR
MY OWN MESSAGE.
I MEAN, THAT'S ALLOWED.
YEAH-HUH!
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I WOULD REALLY
APPRECIATE IT
IF YOU WOULDN'T TELL
YOUR DAD ABOUT...
WHAT DO YOU MEAN
YOU DON'T FEEL
COMFORTABLE WITH THIS?
COME ON,
WE'RE FRIENDS!
( line disconnects )
THAT BITCH
ALWAYS HATED ME.
I'M CALLING
HER BACK.
NO, NO. TICK, TICK,
TICK, TICK, TICK, TICK.
OKAY, FINE.
OKAY.
SHE GOT A PHONE
IN THERE, RIGHT?
OKAY, WE'RE ON IT,
WE'RE ON IT.
( clears throat )
UM...
( nervous laughing )
I KNOW IT SAYS
"BLACK TIE OPTIONAL"
BUT... THIS... THIS MAY
BE PUSHING IT A LITTLE.
UM...
I'M NOT GOING TO GO.
YOU'RE NOT
GOING TO GO?
NO. I THINK
I'M GOING TO CATCH UP
ON MY CORRESPONDENCE.
HOW-HOW, UM...
HOW CAN YOU
NOT BE GOING?
I'M NOT GOING TO GO
SO I THINK THAT WILL
ACCOMPLISH THE NOT GOING.
UM, YOU KNOW, JUST
OUT OF CURIOSITY...
WELL, EVER SINCE
I WAS HUMILIATED
AND YELLED AT
IN FRONT OF MY FRIENDS
I'M JUST,
I DON'T KNOW,
NOT IN A VERY MUSEUM-BENEFITY
KIND OF MOOD.
RIGHT, OKAY, OKAY.
GOD, I'M SORRY I YELLED.
THAT'S FINE.
NO, BUT YOU'RE MAD.
I'M NOT MAD,
I'M JUST NOT GOING.
YOU'RE NOT GOING.
RIGHT.
OKAY.
YOU KNOW THAT
I HAVE TO GO, RIGHT?
MM-HMM.
IS IT GOING TO BE
LIKE I'M ABANDONING YOU
WHILE YOU'RE UPSET?
NO.
NO? BECAUSE YOU'RE
NOT UPSET...
RIGHT.
...ABOUT THE YELLING?
RIGHT... AND THE HUMILIATING.
WELL, OF COURSE
THE HUMILIATING.
SO, SO, WE,
WE'RE OKAY.
MM-HMM.
WE'RE GOOD.
RIGHT.
OKAY.
HONEY?
YES, ROSS.
I LOVE YOU.
MM-HMM.
Phoebe:
GET AWAY FROM THE PHONE!
Monica: Ow!
SHE'S JUST GETTING DRESSED.
IS IT WRONG THAT I
WAS TOTALLY AROUSED BY THAT?
OKAY, BUDDY BOY, HERE IT IS.
YOU HIDE MY CLOTHES,
I'M WEARING EVERYTHING YOU OWN.
OH, MY GOD!
THAT IS SO
NOT-THE-OPPOSITE
OF TAKING
SOMEBODY'S UNDERWEAR!
LOOK AT ME!
I'M CHANDLER!
COULD I BE WEARING
ANY MORE CLOTHES?
MAYBE IF I
WASN'T GOING COMMANDO...
( choked groaning )
YEAH, WHOO! IT'S HOT
WITH ALL THIS STUFF ON.
I... I BETTER NOT DO ANY,
I DON'T KNOW, LUNGES.
OKAY, OKAY.
ENOUGH OF THE LUNGING.
NO, I'M SICK OF THIS, OKAY?
I'VE HAD IT UP TO HERE
WITH YOU TWO.
NEITHER OF YOU CAN
COME TO THE PARTY.
GEEZ, WHAT A BABY.
YEAH, ROSS.
WAY TO RUIN IT.
I WAS JUST GOING
TO GET DRESSED.
THE ONLY PERSON
I CARED ABOUT GETTING DRESSED
IS THE ONE PERSON THAT SAYS
SHE'S NOT GOING.
LOOK, RACH,
I'M SORRY, OKAY?
I WAS A JERK, OKAY?
I'M SORRY I YELLED.
I WANT YOU THERE.
I NEED YOU THERE.
WHAT CAN I DO
TO SHOW YOU HOW MUCH...
HOW MUCH I WANT YOU
TO BE THERE?
YOU COULD DRINK THE FAT.
HI. WELCOME TO AN
ADULT CONVERSATION.
NO. NOW, WAIT A MINUTE,
WAIT A MINUTE.
THAT ACTUALLY, UH,
THAT SOUNDS INTERESTING.
WHAT?
I THINK YOU SHOULD
DRINK THE FAT.
YAY.
OKAY. OKAY.
IF THAT'S WHAT
IT TAKES TO SHOW YOU
HOW MUCH YOU
MEAN TO ME
AND HOW MUCH I
WANT YOU THERE
THEN THAT'S
WHAT I'LL DO.
LET ME GET YOU
ANOTHER GLASS.
THAT'S BEEN
SITTING OUT.
I THINK THIS
WILL BE FINE.
OKAY, VANILLA MILK SHAKE,
JUST A VANILLA MILK SHAKE...
WITH CHICKEN BITS
FLOATING IN IT.
CHEERS.
NO, NO, NO.
I'LL GO, I'LL GO.
YOU WILL?
YOU WERE REALLY GOING
TO DO THAT, WEREN'T YOU?
WELL, YEAH.
YOU WERE GOING
TO DRINK THE FAT!
LET'S SEE
WHAT ELSE HE'LL DO.
HOW 'BOUT INSTEAD,
YOU GO GET CHANGED?
YOU, GIVE HIM BACK
HIS UNDERWEAR.
I'LL GET A CAB.
EVERYONE DOWNSTAIRS
IN TWO MINUTES.
MONICA!
STOP IT! STOP IT!
ROSS WENT TO GET A CAB
SO WE CAN ALL...
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
NO, MONICA, NO!
( phone ringing )
Hi, this is Richard.
( dialing )
You have three new messages.
NOT ANYMORE.
Message erased.
( dialing )
To record your message,
begin speaking at the tone.
( tone )
HI, UH, RICHARD.
IT'S MONICA.
LISTEN, I DID SOMETHING
KIND OF CRAZY TONIGHT.
MAYBE I'M GETTING
MY PERIOD OR SOMETHING.
ANYWAY, UH, I... I BEEPED
INTO YOUR MACHINE
AND I HEARD THIS MESSAGE
THAT FREAKED ME OUT
AND... YOU KNOW WHAT?
MICHELLE WILL TELL YOU THE REST.
I'M SORRY, OKAY?
I HOPE THAT WE CAN
JUST FORGET THE WHOLE THING.
( tone )
Your outgoing message
has now been changed.
OUTGOING?
DID THAT SAY OUTGOING?!
NOT OUTGOING!
( dialing )
Hi, uh, Richard.
It's Monica.
Listen, I did something
kind of crazy tonight.
Maybe I'm getting
my period or something.
NO!
I don't know.
HOW DID YOU DO THAT?
I DON'T KNOW!
Good-bye.
NO!
OKAY.
OKAY, I'VE GOT
TWO CABS
AND NO PEOPLE.
GO! GO! GO!
MAYBE WE COULD CALL
THE PHONE COMPANY.
MAYBE THEY COULD
CHANGE THE MESSAGE.
CHANGE HIS NUMBER.
I THINK AFTER THIS,
HE'LL BE DOING THAT HIMSELF.
RACHEL?
WOW.
YOU...
OH, YOU LOOK... WOW.
AND I STILL HAVE ABOUT
FIVE SECONDS TO SPARE.
OH...
OKAY. THAT WAS
ABOUT SEVEN SECONDS.
SO WE'RE A LITTLE LATE.
COME ON.
NO. OH.
OH, AND, UH...
BY THE WAY...
WHAT?
I'M GOING COMMANDO TOO.
OH.
DR. GELLER,
SHERMAN WHITFIELD
LONDON INSTITUTE.
WOW. WHAT A PLEASURE.
WELL, I HAVE TO TELL YOU,
I WAS QUITE IMPRESSED
WITH YOUR PAPER
ON PRE-CRETACEOUS FOSSILS.
YES. IT CONFIRMED
EVERYTHING I'D WRITTEN.
EXCUSE ME.
HI.
YES?
YOU'RE KIND OF
SITTING IN MY SEAT.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
YOUR SEAT?
I MEAN, I WAS
SITTING THERE.
BUT YOU GOT UP.
BUT I NEVER
LEFT THE ROOM.
BUT YOU LEFT THE CHAIR AREA.
ALL RIGHT, THAT'S IT.
GIVE ME YOUR UNDERWEAR.